add(release-note): Connectors release 25.08 (#4592)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

## 2025

### August

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">

> - [**Forcepoint Sdwan SNMP**](../procedures/network-firewalls-forcepoint-sdwan-snmp.md) - Initial release of Forcepoint Sdwan SNMP, based on community contribution [PR 5512](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5512) and a [The Watch idea](https://thewatch.centreon.com/ideas/update-stonesoft-forcepoint-plugin-4169).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Forcepoint SNMP**](../procedures/network-firewalls-forcepoint-sdwan-snmp.md) - Initial release of Forcepoint SNMP, based on community contribution [PR 5512](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5512) and a [The Watch idea](https://thewatch.centreon.com/ideas/update-stonesoft-forcepoint-plugin-4169).
```

> - [**Active Directory Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/infrastructure-active-directory-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release Active Directory Centreon Monitoring Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Active Directory Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/infrastructure-active-directory-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Active Directory Centreon Monitoring Agent.
```

- [**LatenceTech RestAPI**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-latencetech-restapi.md) - Initial release of LatenceTech RestAPI.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Enhancements" label="Enhancements">

- [**IBM AS400 Connector**](../procedures/operatingsystems-as400-connector.md) - Added options to ignore acknowledged messages, from community contribution [PR 5487](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5487).

> - [**IP-Label Ekara Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-iplabel-ekara-restapi.md) - Added a new authentication way with `api-key` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**IP-Label Ekara Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-iplabel-ekara-restapi.md) - Added a new authentication method using the **api-key** option.
```

> - [**IP-Label Ekara Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-iplabel-ekara-restapi.md) - Added a new authentication method using the **api-key** option.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**IP-Label Ekara Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-iplabel-ekara-restapi.md) - Added a new authentication method using the `api-key` option.
```

> - [**Proxmox VE**](../procedures/virtualization-proxmox-ve-restapi.md) - Added OS and IPs info retrieval to **host discovery**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Proxmox VE**](../procedures/virtualization-proxmox-ve-restapi.md) - Added OS and IP info retrieval to **host discovery**.
```

- [**Redis Database**](../procedures/applications-databases-redis.md) - Added `cert` and `key` options for authentication (available for redis-cli >= 6.x), based on community contribution [PR 5555](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5555).
- [**Redis Sentinel**](../procedures/applications-redis-sentinel.md) - Added `cert` and `key` options for authentication (available for redis-cli >= 6.x), from community contribution [PR 5555](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5555).

> - [**Veeam Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/applications-veeam-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Converted into stable and added default timeout service macro set to 120s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Veeam Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/applications-veeam-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Converted into stable and added default timeout service macro, set to 120s.
```

> - [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added native checks for **Process**, **Counter**, **Taskched** and **Files**. Added default timeout service macro set to 120s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added native checks for **Process**, **Counter**, **Taskched** and **Files**. Added default timeout service macro, set to 120s.
```

> - [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - 
> 
> </TabItem>
> <TabItem value="Breaking changes" label="Breaking changes">
> 
> - [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - 

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added native checks for **Process**, **Counter**, **Taskched** and **Files**. Added default timeout service macro set to 120s.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Breaking changes" label="Breaking changes">

- [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Converted into stable with the new CMA version leading to breaking-changes for earlier versions.
```

> - [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Converted into stable with the new CMA version leading to breaking-changes for earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Converted into stable with the new CMA version leading to breaking changes for earlier versions.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">

> - [**AIX SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-aix-snmp.md) - Fixed an issue leading to parsing error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AIX SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-aix-snmp.md) - Fixed an issue causing a parsing error.
```

> - [**AWS Billing**](../procedures/cloud-aws-billing.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AWS Billing**](../procedures/cloud-aws-billing.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**AWS Discover**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudwatch-discover.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AWS Discover**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudwatch-discover.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**AWS ELB**](../procedures/cloud-aws-elb.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AWS ELB**](../procedures/cloud-aws-elb.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**AWS Lambda**](../procedures/cloud-aws-lambda.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AWS Lambda**](../procedures/cloud-aws-lambda.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**AWS VPN**](../procedures/cloud-aws-vpn.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AWS VPN**](../procedures/cloud-aws-vpn.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon API Gateway**](../procedures/cloud-aws-apigateway.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon API Gateway**](../procedures/cloud-aws-apigateway.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon Backup Vault**](../procedures/cloud-aws-backup.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon Backup Vault**](../procedures/cloud-aws-backup.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon CloudFront**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudfront.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon CloudFront**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudfront.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon Direct Connect**](../procedures/cloud-aws-directconnect.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon Direct Connect**](../procedures/cloud-aws-directconnect.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon EBS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-ebs.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon EBS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-ebs.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon EC2**](../procedures/cloud-aws-ec2.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon EC2**](../procedures/cloud-aws-ec2.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon EFS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-efs.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon EFS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-efs.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon ElastiCache**](../procedures/cloud-aws-elasticache.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon ElastiCache**](../procedures/cloud-aws-elasticache.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon FSx**](../procedures/cloud-aws-fsx.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon FSx**](../procedures/cloud-aws-fsx.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon Kinesis**](../procedures/cloud-aws-kinesis.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon Kinesis**](../procedures/cloud-aws-kinesis.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon RDS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-rds.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon RDS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-rds.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon S3**](../procedures/cloud-aws-s3.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon S3**](../procedures/cloud-aws-s3.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon SNS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-sns.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon SNS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-sns.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

> - [**Amazon SQS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-sqs.md) - Fixed AWS discovery failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon SQS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-sqs.md) - Fixed AWS discovery that failed when `aws-access-key` and `aws-secret-key` were not set.
```

- [**Azure Public IP**](../procedures/cloud-azure-network-publicip.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure Recovery**](../procedures/cloud-azure-management-recovery.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure Resource**](../procedures/cloud-azure-management-resource.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure SQL Database**](../procedures/cloud-azure-database-sqldatabase.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure SQL Managed Instance**](../procedures/cloud-azure-database-sqlmanagedinstance.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure SQL Server**](../procedures/cloud-azure-database-sqlserver.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure ServiceBus**](../procedures/cloud-azure-integration-servicebus.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure Traffic Manager**](../procedures/cloud-azure-network-trafficmanager.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets**](../procedures/cloud-azure-compute-vmscalesets.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.
- [**Azure Virtual Machine**](../procedures/cloud-azure-compute-virtualmachine.md) - Fixed host discovery issue.

> - [**Eclipse Mosquitto MQTT**](../procedures/applications-eclipse-mosquitto-mqtt.md) - Fixed syntax error and an issue with encoding when topics name contains accents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Eclipse Mosquitto MQTT**](../procedures/applications-eclipse-mosquitto-mqtt.md) - Fixed a syntax error and an issue with encoding occurring when topic names contained accents.
```

> - [**HP Ilo Rest API**](../procedures/hardware-servers-hp-ilo-restapi.md) - Fixed an issue with some firmwares versions to exclude enclosure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**HP Ilo Rest API**](../procedures/hardware-servers-hp-ilo-restapi.md) - Fixed an issue with some firmware versions to exclude enclosure.
```

> - [**Huawei HMM**](../procedures/hardware-servers-huawei-hmm-snmp.md) - Fixed `no-component` option.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Huawei HMM SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-servers-huawei-hmm-snmp.md) - Fixed `no-component` option.
```

> - [**Hyper-V NSCP REST API**](../procedures/virtualization-hyperv-nscp-restapi.md) - Fixed and issue with **scvmm-discovery** stats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Hyper-V NSCP REST API**](../procedures/virtualization-hyperv-nscp-restapi.md) - Fixed an issue with **scvmm-discovery** stats.
```
